---
layout: post
title: "Scrum 2 - Hold events to achieve sprint goals"
date:  2017-09-03

tags:
- Development
- Agile
- Scrum
---

In [Scrum 1]({{site.github.url}}/2017/06/23/team.html), we learned that there were three roles in a scrum team; a product owner, a scrum master, and a development team.

The members have several events in order to develop a product efficiently. All events in the scrum are opportunities to inspect and adapt something, and they have a maximum duration.

A sprint is the key concept of scrum. It's a time-box of one month or less for creating a releasable product. Sprints consist of sprint planning, daily scrum, sprint review, and sprint retrospective.

## Sprint Planning

The work in the sprint is planned by the entire scrum team in this phase. There are two major topics; "What can be done this sprint?" and "How will the chosen work get done?".

The most important thing to answer the first question is to set the sprint goal that is an objective for the sprint. In order to do that, the development team forecast each item in product backlog.

After setting the sprint goal, the development team decides how to build it. They deal with the work in the sprint backlog that is selected product backlog items for this sprint. The product owner helps to clarify them and make trade-offs.

## Daily Scrum

The daily scrum is an event to inspect the work the development team did yesterday and to forecast the plan they will do today. In addition, they share impediment that prevents them from meeting the sprint goal.

It's held at the same time and place each day. The scrum master supports the development team to close it within the 15-minute time-box.

## Sprint Review

The scrum team and stakeholders discuss what was done in the sprint and what will be done in the next one. This event called sprint review is held at the end of the sprint.

The product owner invites the scrum team and key stakeholders and explains the progress of product backlog items. In the sprint review, the product backlog will be revised for the next sprint and new opportunities.

## Sprint Retrospective

The sprint retrospective is held between the sprint review and the next sprint planning. The sprint review focuses on product backlog items, wheres the sprint retrospective puts emphasis on people, relationships, process, and tools.

The scrum master encourages the scrum team to identify potential improvements and create a plan to implement them for the subsequent sprints.

### Reference

<div class="list">
   <ul>
    <li><a href="http://www.scrumguides.org/scrum-guide.html">Scrum Guide</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
