---
layout: post
title: "Scrum 1 - Build a team for scrum development"
date:  2017-06-23

tags:
- Development
- Agile
- Scrum
---

Scrum is one of the most effective frameworks for agile development. It is defined as;

> A framework within which people can address complex adaptive problems, while productively and creatively delivering products of the highest possible value.

It's lightweight, simple, but difficult to master. I show scrum in outline. The scrum team consists of a product owner, a scrum master, and a development team. It should be self-organizing and cross-functional.

## Product Owner

The product owner has a role for maximizing the value of the product. They are responsible for managing the product backlog that includes;

- Express product backlog items
- Order the items in it
- Ensure it is understandable

All members of the team must respect product owner's decisions.

## Scrum Master

The scrum master have the team adheres to the theory, practices, and rules. They also need to communicate with stakeholders to eliminate obstacles. They cover a broad range of things to support the team such as;

- Share effective management of the product backlog with the product owner
- Remove impediments to the development team's progress
- Help stakeholders understand their work

The scrum master is a servant leader for the team.

## Development Team

The development team delivers a potentially releasable increment of "Done" product. They are self-organizing and cross-functional.

- Work with no title other than developer
- Have no sub-teams in the team
- Take accountability as a whole

The development team should be from 3 to 9 members.

I'll illustrate the scrum events in another post.

### Reference

<div class="list">
   <ul>
    <li><a href="http://www.scrumguides.org/scrum-guide.html">Scrum Guide</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
