---
layout: post
title: "BizOps software - Usermind"
date:  2017-01-03
tags:
- startup
- enterprise
---

Usermind is a startup witch provides BizOps software. It enables you to integrate systems and unify data. Are you familiar with [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/)? I think Usermind is the enterprise version of IFTTT and it can involve a wide variety of departments.

<div class="video">
  <iframe allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" class="wistia_embed" name="wistia_embed" src="https://fast.wistia.com/embed/iframe/tklg46l31i" width="480" height="270"></iframe>
</div>

Michel Feaster, the CEO of Usermind, points out that BizOps has three core principles:

- Break down the walls between business operations teams such as marketing, sales, and finance.
- Shift perspective from leads, opportunities, and escalations to focus on customer, partner, and product lifecycles.
- Combine analysis with action and experimentation to drive growth, decrease churn and cost of sale, and increase the lifetime value of a customer.

In order to fulfill them, Usermind has a function of dynamic integrations, customer data store, BizOps process automisation, and end-to-end process analysis. It can integrate more than 20 applications like Salesforce. Although many of them are marketing tools now, it contains software of sales, finance, and customer satisfaction as well.

In 2013, Andreessen Horowitz and CRV put $7.6 million into the company through its Series A, and Menlo Ventures did $14.5 million through its Series B in 2016. Ben Horowitz left the following comment about Usermind and the founder.

> So you can imagine how thrilled I was when Michel Feaster showed up at my door with her idea for Usermind. She planned to build my dream product: a system that would coordinate and measure processes across organizations and systems.

Usermind will solve a problem about disruption of business process in a lot of companies. I also hope for integration of BizOps and DevOps in the near future!

### Reference

<div class="list">
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://usermind.com/">Usermind</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://www.forbes.com/sites/alexkonrad/2016/03/16/startup-usermind-comes-out-of-stealth-with-14-5-million-and-ambitious-plan-for-bizops-software/#57d5ccd91ed4">Startup Usermind Comes Out Of Stealth With $14.5 Million And Ambitious Plan For ‘BizOps’ Software</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://a16z.com/2016/03/21/usermind/">Usermind – Andreessen Horowitz</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
